# C1 : Save The Forest

## Introduction
This report aims at a summary description of all the activities that were developed in the works proposed by Professor Marco Amaro Oliveira of the IPMAIA Higher Institute.
The report begins with the exposure of user interface as well the interface and common features. Following the implementation that encompasses the premises and dependencies, the justification of the choices made as well as the specification of the necessary requirements for the operation of the work. Finally, there is the practical part of this report in which the results as well as tests of the applications are exposed in descriptive terms. In conclusion, a brief critical description will be followed, the necessary bibliographic references.


## Project Description
We are an international non-profit organization called SaveTheForest,
which aims to create healthy coast-to-coast forests from stable bottoms
to fight and prevent fires and forest clearing. Our in-depth knowledge of
forests and history of collaboration position us to build a reforestation movement
all around the world. We focus on creating healthy and resilient forests, from cities to large natural landscapes, which provide essential benefits for climate, people, water and wild life. 

We advance our mission through forest innovation, site-based partnerships
to plant and restore forests, and movement building. We envision a world in which
significant environmental, social and economic benefits of forests are fully realized and equitably available to all people. We embrace different perspectives, focus on the most pressing issues of the day, we empower others and get involved in projects, even if
results are only experienced by future generations and our main mission is to enable
communities to move forward sustainably and implement innovative, high-standard solutions,
scalable and durable tools to restore forests and landscapes. Collaboration is essential to be able to make the Earth cooler with trees, and one of our main goals is to achieve
more than 150 million trees equivalent to around 127,500 hectares restored or conserved
until the end of 2030, contributing significantly for the UN Decade for Ecosystem Restoration.


## Group 5

Below is a list of the elements of the group that carried out this work:

* David Ferreira, A036786 [@DavidFerreira66](https://github.com/DavidFerreiraa66)
* Diogo Vaz, A036815 [@Splitrox](https://github.com/Splitrox)



---
_You can add a footer menu for navigation_ 
< Previous | [^ Main](../../../) | [Next >](c2.md)
:--- | :---: | ---: 