# C3 : Product

_Add a product description_

## 3.1 Instalation

It is expected that the user who wants to install/run any application of this project has the minimum knowledge in working with command lines as well as using dialogs via command lines.

In order to run our project it is necessary to have some type of program that allows the website to run from a server so we decided to use wamp server.

According to [Hostinger Tutorials](https://www.hostinger.com/tutorials/what-is-wamp)

> WAMP is an acronym that stands for Windows, Apache, MySQL, and PHP. It’s a software stack which means installing WAMP installs Apache, MySQL, and PHP on your operating system (Windows in the case of WAMP). Even though you can install them separately, they are usually bundled up, and for a good reason too.
WAMP acts like a virtual server on your computer. It allows you to test all WordPress features without any consequences since it’s localized on your machine and is not connected to the web.

After downloading the project it was only necessary to move it to "www" folder and access the respective address by your browser.


## 3.2 Usage

_If any, please add usage instructions, such as required authentication, or product limitations_

## 3.3 Application/Product help

_Are there any visual cues to help the navigation? Code colors? Tooltips that help the user navigate on the website?_  
_Describe how the graphical interface is organized and how the user can move around._

## 3.4 Forms

_If any, how are you validating user input on the forms?_
_Describe with examples._

## 3.5 HTML5 and CSS3 validation

_Describe the method used to validate HTML and CSS. Don't forget to add details about the used validators. Show the validation results._
_Add images, tables or reports of the tests performed._

## 3.6 Implementation details

_Show here how you have fullfilled the miminum required objectives and which valorization elements you added to your work._


---
[< Previous](c2.md) | [^ Main](../../../) | [Next >](c4.md)
:--- | :---: | ---: 