# C4 : Discussion

## Justification Choices taken in carrying out the work

The Github platform was used for the development of projects that were
requested by the institution since this is an online platform where it allows the

creation of repositories as well as the hosting of projects, collaboration with
open source software, among others.
GitHub stores all this data in one cloud and there is the possibility to access
with only internet access and one user. It is also quite practical since it
facilitates the control of versions of a software or application and for
technology professionals, the advantages of using GitHub are numerous. The
biggest one, perhaps, is the opportunity to learn from programmers more
experienced than the user himself, specializing in them or in different areas.

Other benefits are:
* Possibility to monitor and collaborate with projects of different teams;
* Learn programming in practice by observing the progress of the
development of third-party applications;
* Participation in discussions about new technologies;
* Get help from other developers to resolve issues related to the user&#39;s
projects;
* Control the different versions of code with cloud storage;
* Register actions and projects developed by you in a kind of online
portfolio, etc.

With the need to work in groups was proposed the use of visual studio code
software, in addition to this was already familiar by both members of the
group, visual studio allows 2 or more members to be working on the same
project live from a plug-in which allows when a person makes a change,
the other receives the new update in real time.
We decided to use github because we are very used to using it in addition to
all the advantages and features that it brings to the user. Same thing for visual
studio code, it was quite easy to work on visual studio code as we already had
experience in it.

## The time spent with the subject

Below, the time spent on the project of each element of the group will be represented in the table below:

|                                         | David Ferreira | Diogo Vaz |
|:---------------------------------------:|----------------|-----------|
|        Time spent on the project        | 7              | 12        |

## Tasks for each element

Regarding the tasks of each group element, we can only say that it was based
on cooperative work, there was always collaboration of each element, so all
exercises were done by both elements.
From the visual studio code plug-in for cooperative work, the development process of this project progressed more quickly too since we could easily change something and another element of the group could see the change.

---
[< Previous](c3.md) | [^ Main](../../../) | [Next >](c5.md)
:--- | :---: | ---: 